4	4.0	3.3	2.3	2.0
in this war which has carried on for the last 12 days , around 700 palestinians , which include a large number of women and children , have died .
about 700 palestinians , mostly women and children , have been killed in the israeli offensive over the last 12 days .
in this war has done for the last 12 days , around 700 palestinians , including women and children , died .
in this war which has carried for the days palestinians , which include a number of women and children died .
around 700 palestinians which has many of women and children have died .


14	5.0	5.0	4.5	4.0
baghdad , 2 / 13 -lrb- afp -rrb- - a source at the iraqi ministry of the interior stated today , monday , that at least five iraqi civilians were killed , and 32 other were wounded in a suicide operation carried out with an explosive belt in the middle of a crowd of citizens in front of a bank in southeastern baghdad .
baghdad 2-13 -lrb- afp -rrb- - a source at the iraqi interior ministry confirmed today , monday , that at least five iraqi civilians were killed and 32 others wounded in a suicide attack with an explosive belt on a group of citizens outside a bank in southeast baghdad .
baghdad , 2 / 13 - afp - source in iraqi ministry of interior declared today monday that at least five iraqi civilians were killed and 32 others were injured in a suicide operation with an explosive belt in the middle of a crowd of citizens in front of a bank in southeastern baghdad .
-lrb- - a source at the ministry of the interior stated today , monday , that at least five iraqi civilians were killed , and other were wounded in a suicide operation carried out with an explosive belt in the middle of a crowd of citizens in front of a bank in baghdad .
two 13 a source warned today , monday , that five iraqi civilians were killed , and 32 other carried out with the civilians in southeastern front .


20	4.3	3.3	2.3	2.3
it is love of a special kind .. ! !
it is a special kind of love !
the love of a special kind .. ! !
it is love of a kind .. !
it is a special kind .. ! !


29	4.7	5.0	4.3	3.3
according to unverified information , tanks of the israeli army that were backed by helicopters in the air have advanced towards the area of khan yunis .
according to unconfirmed reports , israeli tanks backed by helicopter air support , advanced towards the khan younis region .
according to unverified information , israeli army tanks backed by helicopters in the air have advanced towards the area of khan yunis .
, tanks of the israeli army were backed by helicopters in the air have advanced towards the area of khan yunis .
tanks of the israeli army to helicopters in the air advanced the territory .


48	4.7	3.3	2.7	2.0
partisanship is regarded as a crime , and pluralism is rejected , and no one in the shura council would seek to compete with the ruler or distort his image .
it considers partisanship a crime and plurality is rejected . nobody in the shura council seeks to rival or disfigure the ruler .
partisanship is regarded as a crime and pluralism is rejected and none in the shura council would seek to compete with the ruler or distort its image .
is regarded as a crime , and is rejected , and one in the council would seek to compete with the ruler or distort his image .
regarded anyway pluralism is rejected


51	3.3	4.3	2.7	4.0
there is no room for the violent mullahs in this world as their only job is to get the others killed .
there is no place for violent mullas in this world , whose only role is killing .
there is no room for violent mullahs in this world as their job is to get others killed .
there is no room for the mullahs as their only job is to get the others killed .
there is violent room their only job is the others killed .


61	4.3	2.3	3.3	2.0
welcome to you to the newscast from al-jazeera channel .
welcome to al jazeera news .
welcome to you the newscast al-jazeera channel .
welcome to you to the newscast from channel .
welcome .


66	4.0	2.7	1.0	1.0
select " options " then " properties , " then " recording " and finally " ok . " a window will appear " record control , " select the level of required sound volume .
select options then properties then recording and finally ok. you ` ll see a record control window. select the required sound volume level .
select options then properties , recording and finally " ok . " a window will appear record control select required sound volume .
" options " , " " " and " . " a window will appear , " the level of volume .
. record control the status


75	3.3	3.3	2.3	2.3
there is no doubt that a great majority in jamaat-ud-dawa consists of those who were formerly members of lashkar-e-taiba and after its banning , they entered the other organization created with the name of jamaat-ud-dawa pakistan .
there is no doubt that a majority of the active members of lashkar-e-tayaba joined jamiat-ud-daawa after lashkar-e-tayaba was banned .
undoubtedly a great majority in jamaat-ud-dawa consists of those who were formerly lashkar-e-taiba and after banning , they entered the other organization created with the name of jamaat-ud-dawa pakistan .
there is no doubt that a majority in jamaat-ud-dawa consists of those who were members of lashkar-e-taiba and they entered the organization created with the name of pakistan .
are and they dealt created with the name .


80	4.7	5.0	4.3	3.3
a lot many people have a lot of expectations from this man .
many people have pinned many hopes on this person
many people have a lot of expectations from this man .
a lot people have a lot of expectations from this man
many people possess man expectations .


87	3.7	3.7	3.0	2.7
whose war are we , the pakistanis fighting ?
whose fight are we pakistanis fighting ?
whose war the pakistanis fighting ?
whose war are we the fighting
whose war are we , the pakistanis fighting ?


89	3.7	3.0	2.7	2.3
harb mentioned several ways to deal with the issue of the presidency. there are the two aspects , the constitutional and the legal , and there is the political and the popular action .
harb pointed out different ways of dealing with the problem of the presidency. there are constitutional and legislative aspects as well as political and public work .
harb mentioned several ways to deal with the presidency. two aspects , constitutional and legal and political and popular action .
harb mentioned several ways to deal with the issue of the presidency. there are the aspects , the action .
harb mentioned several to the two areas , the constitutional and the legal , and are .


90	4.3	5.0	3.3	3.3
amman 6-6-2007 -lrb- afp -rrb- -- jordanian authorities in the past months have uncovered some 81 illegal cases of human organ trafficking in jordan , after which a number of those involved in the case were arrested , according to a spokesman for the committee of encouraging the transfer and transplant of human organs .
amman 6-6-2007 -lrb- afp -rrb- - in the last few months jordanian authorities uncovered 81 cases of illegal organ trade in jordan following which a number of people involved were arrested , according to a spokesman for the commission to promote organ donation .
amman 6-6-2007 afp -- jordanian authorities in the past months have uncovered some 81 illegal cases of human organ trafficking in jordan , after which a number of those involved in the case were arrested , according to a spokesman for the committee encouraging transfer transplant human organs .
6-6-2007 -lrb- -rrb- -- in the past months have uncovered cases of human organ trafficking in jordan , after which a number of those involved in the case were arrested , according to a spokesman for the committee of encouraging the transfer and transplant of human organs .
the past months have uncovered human organ trafficking in .


94	4.0	5.0	3.7	4.7
the tunisian news agency reported that the tunisian council of advisors , under the presidency of mr. abdullah al-qallal , president of the council , examined today a law draft , amending the law related to the public financing of political parties .
the tunisian news agency stated that the tunisian chamber of advisors , chaired by mr. abdallah kallel , today reviewed the draft bill related to revising the public financing law for political parties .
the tunisian news agency reported that the tunisian council of advisors under the presidency of mr. abdullah al-qallal examined today a draft law amending the law related to the public financing of political parties .
the tunisian news agency reported that the council under the presidency of al-qallal , president of the council examined today a draft , amending the law related to the financing of political parties .
reported that the tunisian council , president


102	4.7	4.7	2.0	4.0
in your opinion , were the protests by the people against dictatorship of no importance ?
do you think that public protest against dictatorship had no importance ?
in your opinion , were protests by people against dictatorship of no importance ?
in your opinion , were the protests by the people against dictatorship ?
in your opinion were dictatorship protests


108	2.7	3.7	2.3	2.3
where have they - buried all the principles of journalism now ? whenever the innocent blood , especially belonging to the muslims , is spilled , the bbc gets obsessed with nonpartisanship .
where have all the rules of journalism been buried ? the bbc becomes biased when innocent muslims are killed .
where have they - buried all the principles of journalism ? whenever the innocent blood belonging to the muslims spilled the bbc gets obsessed with nonpartisanship .
where have they buried all the principles of journalism ? the innocent blood , belonging to the muslims , is spilled , obsessed with nonpartisanship .
have they - buried journalism bases now when israeli is spilled the bbc obsessed with nonpartisanship .


110	5.0	3.7	4.3	3.0
it is expected that the signing of the contract concluding the deal will be done on the second of next march .
the final contract is expected to be signed next march 2nd .
it is expected that the signing of the contract concluding the deal on the second of next march .
it expected that the signing of the contract concluding the deal will be done on the second of march .
the signing with the agreement is expected to be of next march .


111	4.7	3.7	4.0	2.7
abe 's party won 37 seats , which constitutes a defeat worse than that suffered in 1998 , which forced ryutaro hashimoto to resign from office as the head of government .
abe 's party won 37 seats , the worst defeat yet since that of 1998 which forced ryutaro hashimoto to resign his premiership .
abe 's party won 37 seats , which constitutes a defeat worse suffered in 1998 which forced ryutaro hashimoto to resign from office as head of government .
abe 's party won 37 seats , which constitutes a defeat worse , which forced ryutaro hashimoto to resign from office as the head of government .
abe ` s party won 37 seats , which constitutes .


114	5.0	3.7	2.7	3.3
the united nations team was granted permits to visit the guantanamo bay detention center , but its members refused to go there .
the united nations team was given permission to visit guantanamo prison but refused to go there .
un team was granted permits to visit the guantanamo bay detention center , but its members refused to go .
was granted permits to visit the guantanamo bay detention center , but its members refused to go there .
was granted permits to visit the guantanamo bay detention center its deputies


116	3.3	4.3	2.7	4.0
he also expected that he would have a role in the future at the level of the islamic movement across the palestinian territories , even if he was not lucky enough to win in the elections .
he expects to have a future role in the islamic movement in the palestinian territories if he is not successful in the elections .
he also expected that he would have a role in the future of the islamic movement in the palestinian territories , although he was not lucky enough to win elections .
he also expected that he would have a role at the level of the islamic movement , even if he was not lucky enough to win in the elections .
he also expected that he have a role .


121	4.3	2.7	3.0	2.3
it is also of note in the same context that 43 branches of the steg that are located throughout all the regions of the republic will soon receive the international certification of quality .
in this context too , it should be noted that 43 steg branches throughout the republic will soon be receiving international quality certification .
also note context that 43 branches steg located in all regions of the republic will soon receive the international quality certification .
it is that branches of the steg that are located throughout the regions of the republic will receive the certification .
it is also of note in are republic regions .


123	4.5	4.0	3.0	2.5
the mumbai police commissioner , hasan gafoor , has said that the case registered against ajmal amir qasab , the only accused who has been apprehended alive , during the extremists attacks on mumbai , would be heard under the supervision of m.l.tahiliani.
mumbai police commissioner hassan ghafoor said that ml tahaliyani will hear the case filed against ajmal amir kasab , the lone suspect of the mumbai attacks who was captured alive .
the mumbai police commissioner hasan gafoor said case registered against ajmal amir qasab , the accused has been apprehended alive during the extremist attacks on mumbai heard under the supervision of m.l.tahiliani.
the mumbai police commissioner , has said that the case , the accused who has been apprehended during the attacks on mumbai , would be heard under the supervision of m.l.tahiliani.
the mumbai police commissioner , hasan gafoor , said that the case registered echoed under the supervision


124	4.3	4.7	4.0	3.3
the brigades said in a statement , a copy of which was obtained by xinhua , " the shelling is part of the normal response to the israeli crimes and is a response to the continued policy of assassinations that have targeted the leaders of the resistance . "
the brigades said in a statement that " the raid is a natural response to israeli crimes and a reaction to the continued policy of assassinating resistance leaders . "
the brigades said in a statement , a copy of which was obtained by xinhua , " the shelling is part of the normal response to the israeli crimes and the continuous policy of assassinations that targeted the leaders of the resistance . "
the brigades said in a statement , a copy obtained by xinhua , the shelling is part of the response to the israeli crimes and is a response to the policy of assassinations that have targeted the leaders of the resistance . "
the brigade said in a statement in xinhua , the shelling is israeli part and is to have targeted the leaders of the resistance . ''


125	2.7	1.7	1.3	1.3
there are a lot of good people in lebanon , and there are people with whom we agree and with whom we can reach an understanding .
there are plenty of good people in lebanon and there are people we agree to reconcile with .
many good people in lebanon and people with whom we agree with whom we can reach an understanding .
there are a lot , and there are people we agree and we can reach an understanding .
there has lebanon


128	4.7	4.0	3.3	2.3
francesco bandarin , the general director of the organization that is funded by the united nations , said today -lrb- friday -rrb- that the world heritage committee added the new sites during its meeting , which is being held in christchurch .
the director-general of the united nations-funded organization , francesco bandarin , said today friday that the world heritage committee added the new sites during its session held in christchurch .
francesco bandarin , director general of the organization that is funded by the united nations , said today friday that the world heritage committee added the new sites during its meeting held in christchurch .
the director of the organization that is funded by the united nations , today that the world heritage committee added the new sites during its meeting , which is being held in christchurch .
francesco bandarin , the organization , said .


134	3.3	2.0	3.0	1.7
our media wants to program our minds , to wipe the remnants of our memories , and to instill in it what it wishes to pass on to us , by talking about murderers and thugs . it wants for us to choose who is the better of the two .
our media want to program our brains and wipe the remains of our memory and plant in it what they want us to believe by talking about killers and murderers and comparing between them .
our media program our minds wipe the remnants of our memories and instill in it what it would pass by talking about murderers and thugs . it wants to choose who is the best .
our media wants program our minds to wipe the remnants and to instill in it it wishes to pass on to us . it wants for us to choose who is the better .
our media wants and wants us that is the two .


135	5.0	2.7	2.0	1.3
the american administration has defended , is defending , and will continue to defend the guantanamo detention camp despite the strong criticism .
the american administration defended , defends and will defend guantanamo prison despite the harsh criticism .
the american administration has defended is defending and continue to defend guantanamo detention camp despite strong criticism .
, is defending , will continue to defend the guantanamo detention camp despite the strong criticism .
the american administration has defended is defending will to defend the guantanamo detention camp .


137	2.7	2.3	1.7	1.7
whereas two bodies have been found from the capital place miranshah , which were thrown in the market of a bazaar .
while two bodies were found in the headquarter miranshah , that were thrown into a market .
whereas two bodies have been found in the capital miranshah thrown market bazaar .
found miranshah , which were thrown in the market of a bazaar .
were found from capital miranshah , which bazaar market


149	3.3	5.0	2.3	3.0
he is calling her in a low voice : " mother . "
he was calling her softly : mother ...
he asked her in a low voice : " mother . "
he is calling her in a voice : " . "
calling she : " 32-year-old readers . ''


156	4.0	3.0	3.7	2.7
this figure is huge , and in the course of two weeks only , these huge figures are transferred out of our country .
this figure is big . during only two weeks these large sums were transferred out of our country ,
this figure is huge , and over two weeks , these figures are transferred out of our country .
this figure is huge and in the course weeks , these figures are transferred out of our country .
this figure is huge and the course transferred .


160	4.3	4.7	4.0	4.3
the japanese author makoto oda , who in the past led the movement in japan that opposed the vietnam war , has died at the age of 75 of stomach cancer , according to an announcement by his family .
japanese writer makoto oda , who previously led the anti-vietnam war movement in japan , has died aged 75 of gastric cancer , according to an announcement from his family .
japanese author makoto oda , who previously led the movement in japan that opposed the vietnam war , has died at the age of 75 of stomach cancer , according to an announcement by his family .
the oda , who in the past led the movement in japan that opposed the vietnam war , has died at the age of 75 of cancer , according to an announcement by his family .
the japanese author makoto oda who led the leadership in japan that the vietnam war died of 75 that a family announcement .


170	4.0	4.0	3.7	3.7
and with every passing moment , the jewish lobby kept on strengthening its hold .
and the jewish lobby has really been tightening its grip .
and with every passing moment jewish lobby kept strengthening its grip .
and , the jewish lobby kept on strengthening its hold .
with every passing moment , the jewish lobby kept on its hold .


174	3.3	3.3	3.0	3.0
let alone what the pakistani army did to the people of swat . however , even the media , including the bbc , kept the world in the dark with regard to the real facts . in doing so , they did not do the right thing .
even if we overlook what the ill-omened pakistan army did to the swati people , the media including bbc has done no good by hiding the facts from the world .
let alone what the pakistani army to swat . however , even the media including the bbc kept the world in the dark with real facts . in doing so , they do the right thing .
let what the army did to the people . however , the media , kept the world with regard to the real facts . in doing so , they did not do the right thing .
let alone even the media including the bbc .


184	3.7	5.0	3.0	4.7
that your face turned into the face of fear '
that you have become fear incarnate '
that your face became the face of fear '
your face turned into the face of fear
that your face


188	5.0	5.0	3.3	4.3
it was slated for exhibition in the context of the beaufort 2006 art festival .
it was to be shown at the 2006 beaufort arts festivals .
it was slated for exhibition in the beaufort 2006 art festival .
it was slated for exhibition in the context of the art festival .
it slated for exhibition in the festival context .


189	3.7	5.0	2.7	2.7
the institution called on " the italian government to immediately take on the measures required by the situation against that minister . "
the association invited " the italian government to immediately take necessary measures against this secretary " .
the institution called on italian government to immediately take measures against the minister .
the institution called on the government take the measures required by the situation .
the institutions called on " the italian government to immediately take on minister things . ''


208	4.3	3.7	3.3	3.3
if there had been peace efforts , it would have been possible to control in order to freeze the settlements and to stop the extension of those available .
if there were efforts for peace , there could be the authority to freeze settlements and not expand the existing ones .
if there had been peace efforts , it would have been possible to control in order to freeze the settlements and stop the extension .
if there had been efforts , it would have been possible to control in order to freeze the settlements and stop the extension .
where there was peace efforts it has control in .


224	3.7	3.7	3.3	2.7
and my question to you is do the teachings of islam , or those of the east or west give any logic , philosophy , or reasoning that approves of the killing of innocent citizens , including people who are praying , laborers , and low-income workers , and employees , as a consequence of american attacks ?
and my question to you is , right from islamic teachings to that of western and eastern religions , no logic , argument or philosophy can justify the killings of innocent people , including namazis , laborers and poor workers , by american assault .
and my question is do the teachings of islam , the east or west give any logic philosophy or reasoning that approves killing innocent citizens , including those praying , laborers and poor workers and employees of american attacks ?
my question to you is do the teachings of islam , or , , reasoning that approves of the killing of innocent citizens , including people who are praying , laborers , and low-income workers and employees , ?
and question is go of islam and they of the east or west empower any logic , philosophy reasoning that approves including people who are praying low-income workers ?


240	4.5	3.5	4.0	3.0
meanwhile , indian security organizations have directly accused lashkar-e-tayaba for being the perpetrator of the mumbai attacks .
meanwhile , indian security organizations have directly blamed lashkar-e-taiba for the mumbai attacks .
meanwhile , indian security organizations directly accused lashkar-e-tayaba for the perpetrator of the mumbai attacks .
meanwhile security organizations have accused lashkar-e-tayaba for being the perpetrator of the mumbai attacks .
indian security organizations have accused lashkar-e-tayaba for the mumbai perpetrator .


241	3.7	4.0	3.3	2.3
we are not poor . in fact , in our country , we are rich , and our poverty is in the lack of patriotism by some of the officials among us .
we are not poor in our country ; we are rich . our poverty is in the lack of patriotism of some of our officials .
we are not poor . in fact , we are rich and poverty is the lack of patriotism by some officials .
we not poor in our country we are rich and our poverty is in the lack by some of the officials among us
we are not poor in fact we were wealthy


261	4.7	4.7	4.0	4.0
olmert , who will arrive sunday in the united states on his thirteenth visit in 13 months , will meet in new york with united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon prior to his meeting with bush , and with the candidates for the american presidency and the leaders of the american jews .
before his meeting with bush , olmert -who arrives in the u.s. on his 13th visit in 13 months- will meet united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon in new york as well as the us presidential candidates and jewish-american leaders .
olmert , who will arrive sunday his thirteenth visit in 13 months , will meet in new york with united nations chief ban ki-moon before his meeting with bush , and candidates for american presidency and leaders of american jews .
olmert , who will arrive sunday in the united states on his visit in 13 months , will meet in new york with secretary-general ki-moon prior to his meeting with bush , and with the candidates for the presidency .
olmert , who will arrive sunday america in 13 months , will meet in new york with united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon already that his meeting with bush and american presidency candidates and the us jews .


271	3.7	4.3	2.3	3.7
and it took its part and responsibility for the stolen country , just like its sister fatah did , with the difference being in the approach .
it took its share of responsibility for the stolen nation as its sister fatah did in a different trend .
and it took its role and responsibility for the stolen country as its sister fatah did with the difference in approach .
it took its part for the country , just like its fatah did with the difference being in the approach .
and it took its part and responsibility to the stolen country , already like did , with the approach .


273	4.0	5.0	3.7	4.3
arab experts started a meeting in tunis on wednesday that will last for two days , organized by the general secretariat of the arab interior ministers ' council and devoted to discussing new strategies for fighting drugs , especially via the internet .
arab experts began a two-day meeting on wednesday in tunisia organized by the general assembly of the council of arab interior ministers to discuss new strategies to fight drugs , especially online .
arab experts started a meeting in tunis on wednesday that will last two days , organized by the general secretariat of the arab interior ministers ' council and devoted to discussing new strategies for fighting drugs via the internet .
experts started a meeting on wednesday that will last for days , organized by the general secretariat of the arab interior ministers ' council and devoted to discussing new strategies for fighting drugs , especially via the internet .
arab experts started a meeting in tunis on wednesday that to last for two days organized and spent to discussing new strategies for drugs .


279	4.7	4.0	2.7	2.0
if the wife of a 50-55 year old man or a husband of a wife of the same age passed away in our society and they opt for a second marriage , why do n't we see this positively ?
why does our society frown upon the re-marriage of a 50- or 55-year-old husband or wife who has lost his or her spouse ?
if the wife of 50-55 year old man or husband of wife of age passed away in our society and they choose a second marriage , why do n't we see this positively ?
if the wife of a year old man or a husband of a wife of the age passed in our society and they opt for a marriage do n't we see this ?
if man or thought passed away in our social do see this positively


283	4.0	4.0	3.3	3.0
after the mumbai attacks , increasing pressure is being placed on pakistan to speed up its actions against extremist organizations .
pakistan is under immense pressure to act against fundamentalist organizations after the mumbai terror attacks .
after the mumbai attacks , increasing pressure imposed on pakistan to speed up its actions against extremist organizations .
after the attacks , is being placed on pakistan to speed up its actions against extremist organizations .
increasing pressure is being placed on pakistan speed up extremist sins .


289	3.0	2.3	1.7	1.7
can the situation in the middle east be expected to improve after barack obama , the newly elected president of america , takes the oath of his office ?
can any improvement in the middle east situation be expected after newly elected american president barack obama takes office .
the situation in the middle east should improve after barack obama newly elected president takes oath of office ?
expected improve after barack obama , the president of america , takes the oath of his office ?
can the situation be expected ?


293	5.0	4.7	4.3	3.0
the predominant idea is that turkey will remain subject to monitoring for many years despite the europeans ' realization of the importance of its stability for many reasons , including its being a safe passage for energy from the east to the west .
most likely turkey will remain under observation for many years , despite the europeans being aware of the importance of its stability for numerous reasons , being a safe east-west energy corridor among them .
the predominant idea is that turkey will remain subject to monitoring for many years despite the europeans ' realization of stability for many reasons , including its safe passage from east to west .
the idea is that turkey subject to monitoring despite the europeans ' realization of the importance of its stability for reasons including its being a safe passage for energy to the west .
the predominant belief is that turkey will remain subject to monitoring for many years of its stability for many reasons , including .


299	4.0	4.0	3.3	3.0
baghdad , february 9th , xinhua -- iraqi president jalal talabani denied the existence of any unilateral actions or marginalization of any of the small kurdish parties .
baghdad february 9 / xinhua / iraqi president jalal talabani denied any exclusion or marginalization of small kurdish parties .
baghdad february 9th , xinhua -- iraqi president jalal talabani denied the existence of any unilateral actions or marginalization of the kurdish parties .
9th xinhua -- iraqi president jalal talabani denied the existence of any unilateral actions or marginalization of any of the kurdish parties .
february 9th iraqi president


303	3.7	3.3	3.3	3.0
the day following this accident , the ukrainian president leonid kuchma , whose term has ended , ordered today the making of a plan for withdrawing the ukrainian forces from iraq in the first half of the year 2005 .
a day after the incident , ukraine ` s outgoing president leonid kuchma today ordered ukrainian troops to be withdrawn from iraq in the first half of 2005 .
the day after this accident , the ukrainian president leonid kuchma , whose term has ended , ordered today making a plan for withdrawing the ukrainian forces from iraq in the first half of 2005 .
the day , the ukrainian president leonid kuchma , whose term has ended , ordered today the making of a plan for withdrawing the forces from iraq in the half of the year 2005 .
the day , the ukrainian president leonid kuchma ordered today a package .


309	3.0	2.0	2.7	1.7
some day one of these men with power should walk on these coals himself . why does n't the present government do anything against them ?
i wish some chief himself would walk on these burning coals . why does n't the government take action ?
some day these men with power walk coals . why does n't the government do anything against them ?
some one of these men walk himself . why does n't the government do anything against them ?
should walk on these coals


312	4.3	4.0	2.0	3.3
on the decision to refer them , the prosecutors said that the two officials at the ministry of health approved the bags -lrb- containers -rrb- of blood without a technical test , and only did a superficial examination .
the prosecution said in the referral decision that the two officials at the ministry of health accepted the blood bags without technical examination and only carried out a visual inspection .
the decision to refer them , prosecutors said that two officials at the ministry of health approved the bags and containers of blood without technical test , and only had a cursory examination .
on the decision to refer them , the prosecutors said that the officials at the ministry of health approved the bags containers of blood without a test , and did a examination .
decision said that health officials .


323	4.7	4.0	3.0	3.7
the second protocol , concerning ways to implement the peace agreement , was signed on behalf of the rebel movement by spokesman samson gawagi and spokesman said al-khatib on behalf of the government .
the second protocol on the peace deal implementation methods was signed by the rebel movement spokesman samson kwaje and government spokesman said el-khatib .
the second protocol concerning ways to implement the peace agreement was signed on behalf of the rebel movement spokesman samson gawagi spokesman said al-khatib on behalf of the government .
the protocol , concerning ways to implement the peace agreement , was signed on behalf of the rebel movement by spokesman samson gawagi on behalf of the government .
the second protocol concerning the peace agreement


327	3.3	4.3	3.0	3.7
ihsanoglu and solana hold talks to contain crisis relating to offensive drawings of the prophet muhammad
oghlo and solana hold talks addressing crisis of cartoons insulting prophet mohammed
ihsanoglu and solana hold talks to contain crisis of offensive drawings of the prophet muhammad
ihsanoglu hold talks to contain crisis relating to offensive drawings of the prophet muhammad
ihsanoglu and solana talks for prophet cartoons


328	5.0	3.0	3.7	2.7
the spokesman added that four afghani police officers , who were among the group that was abducted , were released .
the spokesman added that four afghan policemen who were among the kidnapped have been released .
the spokesman added that four afghani police officers were among the group that was abducted released .
the spokesman added that police officers who were among the group that was abducted released .
the spokesperson added that four afghan police officers who were the group that abducted released .


333	2.7	2.3	2.3	2.0
-lrb- please note that owing to excess number of comments , only those comments that are typed in urdu script will be published .
please note that , due to an overabundance of feedback , only letters in urdu will be accepted .
- please note that owing to excess number comments typed in urdu script will be published .
-lrb- please note that owing those comments are typed in urdu script will be published .
-lrb- please note that .


354	2.3	5.0	1.7	4.3
dera bugti : bomb blast on gas pipeline
dera bugti : gas pipeline explosion
dera bugti : bomb blast on pipeline
: bomb blast on gas pipeline
dera bugti bomb blast on gas of pipeline


358	4.0	2.7	3.3	2.0
local taliban members of the hafiz gul bahadur group have distributed a pamphlet in miranshah , the capital of north waziristan , and in other tehsils in which a threat has been made against government and semi-government educational institutions where boys and girls are provided with co-education .
the local taliban group known as hafiz gul bahadur has distributed pamphlets in miran shah , the capital of north waziristan , and other sub-districts threatening governmental and semi-governmental educational institutions offering co-education .
local taliban members hafiz gul bahadur group distributed a leaflet in miranshah , the capital of north waziristan and other tehsils threat made against government and semi-government educational institutions where boys and girls are provided with co-education .
local members of the group distributed a pamphlet in miranshah , the capital of north waziristan , and in other tehsils in which a threat has been made semi-government boys and girls are provided with co-education .
the group distributed a pamphlet .


362	5.0	5.0	4.0	4.0
but president sarkozy defended the agreement and said that the west should trust the arab countries to develop this kind of technology for peaceful purposes , or else it would risk a war between civilizations .
but sarkozy defended the deal , saying that the west should trust arab states to develop such technology for peaceful purposes or risk a war of civilizations .
but president sarkozy defended the agreement and said that the west should trust arab countries to develop such technology for peaceful purposes , or else it would risk a war between civilizations .
but sarkozy defended the agreement and said that the west should trust the arab countries to develop this kind of technology for peaceful purposes , or it would risk a war .
but president sarkozy defended the agreement and said that the west should trust the arab countries to develop else it war civilizations


368	3.3	4.0	2.7	3.3
on the other hand , there is the former french president of the eu , who would have liked nothing more than to continue his term as eu president .
on the other hand , french president sarkozy is acting as though he is still performing the presidential duties of the european union .
elsewhere , the former french president of the eu , would like nothing more than to continue his term as eu president .
there is the president of the eu , who would have liked nothing more to continue his term as eu president .
there , there is the eu , who would have liked nothing more than to continue his needs eu president .


369	4.0	4.0	2.7	3.3
this photograph has been posed for as if it were a family photo .
this photograph has been taken just like a family picture .
this photograph was launched as family photo .
has posed as if it were a family photo
this photograph had posed for as if it .


372	5.0	4.7	3.0	2.3
three people were killed when police opened fire after the protestors attacked a police station , as has been reported by a police spokesman .
three people died when police opened fire after demonstrators attacked a police station , a police spokesman said .
three people were killed when police opened fire after the protesters attacked a police station , as reported by a police spokesman .
killed when police opened fire after the protestors attacked a police station , as has been reported by a police spokesman
three people were killed when police opened fire .


413	4.3	3.0	1.7	1.3
saudi society has been perturbed as a result of the terrorist acts , which led to material and intellectual damage , which followed simultaneously .
saudi society was shaken by the terrorist acts , and sustained material and intellectual damage at the same time .
saudi society has been perturbed by the terrorist acts led to material and intellectual damage simultaneously .
has perturbed as a result of the acts , which led to material which followed .
saudi society had brings of .


433	4.0	3.0	2.3	2.7
the movie " downtown girls " by mohammed khan won the award of best actress for its female artist menna shalabi , while its director earned the panel of judges special award , and the movie " cholesterol free " , directed and written by mohammed abu saif won the prize for best actor for its star ashraf abdel baqi .
the film " downtown girls " by mohammed khan won best actress prize for muna shalbi while its director won the jury ` s special prize . " cholesterol free " , directed and written by mohammed abu yusif , won best actor prize for ashraf abdulbaqi .
the movie downtown girls by mohammed khan won the award of best actress for female artist menna shalabi , while its director earned the panel of judges special award movie cholesterol free directed and written by mohammed abu saif won the prize for best actor for its star ashraf abdel baqi .
the movie " girls " won the award of best actress for its female artist menna shalabi , while its director earned the panel of judges , the movie " " , directed and written by mohammed abu saif won the prize for best actor for its star abdel baqi .
movie downtown girls special award , and the film saif won the prize for best actor .


438	4.3	4.3	2.7	4.0
and many a slogan has been repeated to protect her .
many slogans are chanted for her protection .
and a slogan repeated to protect her .
and has repeated to protect her .
has was repeated


443	3.0	3.0	2.7	2.7
i did not believe how things have changed , such that the rifles are aimed at the brothers in arms and struggle , and palestinians suddenly are transformed not only into killers , but into a helping hand of the sons of zion .
i could not believe how things changed so that guns were pointed at brothers in arms and struggle , and a palestinian group turns into murderers and even a helping arm for the zionists .
i did not believe how things have changed , such that the rifles aimed at brothers in arms and struggle , and palestinians suddenly transformed into killers , but in the hands of the sons of zion .
i did not believe how things have changed , such that the rifles are aimed at the brothers in arms and struggle , and are transformed not only , into a helping hand of the sons .
has not agree how things and palestinians suddenly are turned .


444	4.0	2.3	3.0	1.7
kamran hassan , abu dhabi .
kamranhassan , abu dhabi
kamran hassan abu dhabi .
, abu dhabi .
kamran hasan , abu dhabi .


447	4.3	3.7	3.7	3.3
marine ships of the coalition , led by the us , which roam the regional waters of yemen , took part in the hunt for the 23 fugitives. at the same time the interpol -lrb- international police -rrb- released an international alert about their escape .
warships of the u.s. - led coalition forces that cruise the waters facing yemen participated in the search for the 23 fugitives , and interpol issued an international notification of their escape .
marine ships of the coalition , led by the us roam the regional waters of yemen took part in the hunt for the 23 fugitives. interpol international police released an international alert about their escape .
marine ships , led by the us , which roam the waters of yemen took part in the hunt for the fugitives. at the time the interpol police released an alert about their escape .
marine ships , took part in the hunt .


452	4.7	4.7	4.0	4.3
the gentleman felt the danger and the hard times .......
the gentleman felt danger and distress .......
the gentleman felt the danger and hard times .......
the gentleman felt the danger and the times
the man felt the danger and the difficult times .......


459	2.0	4.7	1.7	1.7
and the king went back to dropping the rock on it ...
the angel dropped the boulder on it again ...
and the king went back to dropping the rock ...
and went back to dropping the rock on it
and the king went back to dropping the rock on it .


466	3.3	5.0	2.3	4.7
the pattern of fluctuation varies for the various members ,
the fluctuation pattern varies for different organs ,
the pattern of fluctuation varies for various members
the pattern of fluctuation varies for the members
the fluctuation varies the various house


468	4.7	3.7	2.7	3.3
or from this link , and its size is about 9 megs , click here to download the program .
or from this link. click to download the program which is about 9 mb .
or from this link , and its size is 9 megs click to download the program .
from this link , and its size is megs , click to download the program .
or from this link its size is


474	4.7	4.3	3.3	3.7
hala speaks arabic most of the time with her son , taking into consideration that he can speak english with others .
hala speaks to her son mostly in arabic , as he can speak english to others .
hala speaks arabic most of the time with her son , considering that he can speak english with others .
hala speaks arabic most of the time , taking into consideration that he can speak english with others .
hala speaks arabic most of the time .


479	3.7	3.7	3.0	3.3
the regime wanted , whether it was aware of it or not , to divide the egyptian people with an abominable and destructive sectarianism against them .
the regime , whether knowingly or unknowingly , wanted to discriminate between egyptians with a hateful , destructive sectarianism ,
the regime wanted , it was aware of it or not divide the egyptian people with abominable and destructive sectarianism .
the regime wanted , it was aware of it to divide the people with an abominable sectarianism against them .
the regime wanted , if it or not to divide the egyptian people against them .


482	4.0	3.0	2.7	2.7
commendation , though it might indicate good will , does not feed the democratic process , and it annuls the people 's choices and their rights , and we should not be permitted , especially in unsuitable circumstances and in this delicate position , to nullify the main stops , for there should n't be any barriers-regardless of any considerations-in the way of our progress on the path of proper democratic practice .
nominations , even if indicative of good intentions , do not sustain democracy. they abolish the citizens ' choices and rights , and we can not abolish the fundamental steps especially under the inopportune circumstances and the delicate situation. irrespective of the considerations , there is no avoiding our progress in the sound exercise of democracy .
commendation , though it might indicate goodwill , feed the democratic process and annuls people 's choices and their rights , and we should not be permitted in unsuitable circumstances and this delicate position to nullify the main stops there should n't be any barriers-regardless considerations-in way progress on the path of democratic practice .
, though it might indicate good will , it annuls the people 's choices , and we should not be permitted , especially in this position , to nullify the stops , for there should n't be any barriers-regardless of any considerations-in the way of our progress on the path of democratic practice .
commendation


484	4.7	3.3	4.0	2.3
prayers were held at the occasion in order to lay the foundation for love in lebanon and peace in its regions .
on this occasion prayers were held for establishing love and peace all over lebanon .
prayers were held at the occasion to lay the foundation for love lebanon and peace in its regions .
were held in order to lay the foundation for love in lebanon and peace in its regions .
prayers enjoyed while the occasion in to lay the congestion in lebanon and peace .


487	5.0	4.3	3.7	3.3
rice admits mistakes have been made by american administration in rebuilding iraq
rice confesses mistakes american administration committed while rebuilding iraq
rice admits mistakes were made by american administration in rebuilding iraq
rice mistakes have been made by administration in rebuilding iraq
rice admits mistakes was american administration in iraq makes


507	3.7	4.7	3.3	3.7
among those curricula are those that are not specialized and have got nothing to do with the department .
and among these are non specified subjects that are not related to the department .
among those curricula are those that are not specialized and have nothing to do with the department .
among those curricula are those that are not specialized and got nothing to do with the department .
upon those curricula are those that are not specialized and got nothing do with the department .


519	4.3	5.0	4.0	3.0
moscow responded on thursday with a series of measures , among which was the expulsion of four british diplomats and the suspension of cooperation in the fight against terrorism .
moscow responded with a series of measures , including expelling four british diplomats and halting cooperation in combating terrorism .
moscow responded on thursday with a series of measures , including the expulsion of four british diplomats and suspension of cooperation in combating terrorism .
moscow responded with a series , among which was the expulsion of british diplomats and the suspension of cooperation in the fight against terrorism .
moscow responded on thursday upon which was the cooperation against terrorism .


530	4.0	4.7	3.7	3.7
the truth is that the answer to this question , the guess , conceals a part of it in the question itself , where the distinction between the future of this phenomenon of violence in egypt and outside egypt is considered the first entry for both the answer and the guess .
the truth is that answering this question , prediction , lies within the question itself , because distinguishing between the future of this violence phenomenon in egypt and outside egypt is considered the first starting point for answering and predicting .
the truth is that the answer to this question guess conceals the question itself , the distinction between this phenomenon of violence in egypt and outside egypt is considered the first entry answer and guess .
the truth is that the answer conceals a part of it in the question itself the distinction between the future of this phenomenon of violence in egypt and outside egypt is considered the entry the guess .
the truth is that conceals a part in the question itself , where the distinction in egypt and outside egypt .


544	4.0	3.7	2.3	2.7
the correspondents say that out of those five candidates who were contesting for the chairmanship of the republican party , michael steele is accepted as the most moderate leader .
correspondents say steele was the most moderate of the five candidates contending for the position .
correspondents say that those five candidates contesting for the chairmanship of the republican party , michael steele is accepted as the most moderate leader .
the correspondents say that out of those candidates who were contesting for the chairmanship of the republican party is accepted as the leader .
the correspondents say .


551	5.0	5.0	4.7	4.0
let us know about your opinion .
give us your opinion .
let us hear your opinion .
let us know about your opinion .
let us your opinion .


